tt0032138_shot_0395_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Frank Morgan? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the green and red costume is named frank morgan. frank morgan is a
tt0032138_shot_0395_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Eric Schniewind? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the green and gold costume is not named eric schniewind.
tt0035423_shot_0464_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Hugh Jackman? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not hugh jackman. the actor in the
tt0035423_shot_0464_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Lizzie Hopley? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not lizzie hopley. the
tt0038650_shot_0737_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called James Stewart? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not james stewart. the man in the image
tt0038650_shot_0737_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Phil Selway? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not phil selway. the image features a
tt0047396_shot_0333_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named James Stewart? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not james stewart. the man in the image
tt0047396_shot_0333_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Ron Blair? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named ron blair. the actor is
tt0048545_shot_0124_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Natalie Wood? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not natalie wood. the image features a
tt0048545_shot_0124_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Rebecca Jackson Mendoza? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is rebecca jackson mendoza. the
tt0049470_shot_0279_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called James Stewart? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not james stewart. the image features a man
tt0049470_shot_0279_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Matt Pashkow? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is called matt pashkow. the image features
tt0049730_shot_0273_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Vera Miles? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is vera miles. vera miles
tt0049730_shot_0273_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Addie Yungmee? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is called addie yungmee. the image
tt0052357_shot_0511_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Kim Novak? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not kim novak. the person in the
tt0052357_shot_0511_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Abigail Van Alyn? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not abigail van alyn. the
tt0053221_shot_0197_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named John Wayne? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is john wayne, as indicated by the image.
tt0053221_shot_0197_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Claude-Oliver Rudolph? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is named claude-oliver rudolph. the
tt0054167_shot_0122_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Anna Massey? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is called anna massey. she is an
tt0054167_shot_0122_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Eddie Tagoe? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is called eddie tagoe. the image
tt0056869_shot_0320_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Tippi Hedren? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not tippi hedren. the image features
tt0056869_shot_0320_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Denise Mack? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is called denise mack. the image features a
tt0056923_shot_0835_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Audrey Hepburn? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not audrey hepburn. the image
tt0056923_shot_0835_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Chris April? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not chris april. the image features a woman
tt0057115_shot_0686_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named James Garner? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named james garner. the man in
tt0057115_shot_0686_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Chutimon Chuengcharoensukying? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named chutimon chuengchar
tt0058331_shot_0353_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Julie Andrews? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named julie andrews. the image
tt0058331_shot_0353_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Ed Geldart? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named ed geldart. the image
tt0058461_shot_0901_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Gian Maria Volontè? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is gian maria volontè. he is dep
tt0058461_shot_0901_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jennifer Connelly? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not jennifer connelly. the image
tt0061418_shot_0148_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Faye Dunaway? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not faye dunaway. the woman in
tt0061418_shot_0148_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Warona Seane? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not warona seane. the woman in
tt0061722_shot_0259_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Dustin Hoffman? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not dustin hoffman. the image
tt0061722_shot_0259_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Christopher Olsen? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is christopher olsen. the image shows a
tt0062622_shot_0291_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Keir Dullea? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named keir dullea. the
tt0062622_shot_0291_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Frank Albanese? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is named frank albanese. the image shows him
tt0063442_shot_0702_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Linda Harrison? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is linda harrison. she is known for her
tt0063442_shot_0702_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Michael McKean? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is michael mckean. the image features a
tt0064115_shot_0367_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Robert Redford? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not robert redford. the actor is we
tt0064115_shot_0367_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Cooper Murray? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is named cooper murray. the image features a black
tt0064665_shot_0300_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jon Voight? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not jon voight. jon voight is
tt0064665_shot_0300_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Harvey Meyer? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is harvey meyer. the image shows a man
tt0065214_shot_0366_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Robert Ryan? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is called robert ryan. this information is provided in
tt0065214_shot_0366_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Victor Verhaeghe? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is called victor verhaeghe. this information
tt0065724_shot_0320_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Karen Black? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named karen black. the person is
tt0065724_shot_0320_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Nick Discenza? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named nick discenza. the person in
tt0066026_shot_0085_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Donald Sutherland? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not donald sutherland. the image features
tt0066026_shot_0085_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Michael Wollet? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is michael wollet. the image shows a man
tt0066921_shot_0631_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Malcolm McDowell? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is indeed malcolm mcdowell.
tt0066921_shot_0631_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Darling Légitimus? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not darling légitimus.
tt0067116_shot_0122_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Gene Hackman? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not gene hackman. the image features
tt0067116_shot_0122_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Russell G. Jones? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is russell g. jones. the image features a
tt0068646_shot_0166_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Marlon Brando? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not marlon brando. the image features
tt0068646_shot_0166_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Voltaire Sterling? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named voltaire sterling. the actor
tt0069762_shot_0723_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Sissy Spacek? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named sissy spacek. the
tt0069762_shot_0723_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Monica Giordano? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is named monica giordano. the image
tt0070047_shot_0255_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Ellen Burstyn? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not ellen burstyn. the image features
tt0070047_shot_0255_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Shawnee Smith? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is shawnee smith. she is wearing
tt0070379_shot_0569_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Richard Romanus? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is named richard romanus. the image features a
tt0070379_shot_0569_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Valerie Colgan? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named valerie colgan. the image
tt0070511_shot_0639_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Dustin Hoffman? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not dustin hoffman. the image
tt0070511_shot_0639_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Fernando Lueches? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is called fernando lueches. the image shows
tt0070735_shot_0818_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Robert Redford? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named robert redford. the person is
tt0070735_shot_0818_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Ellin Dennis? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named ellin dennis. the person in
tt0070849_shot_0021_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Maria Schneider? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is named maria schneider. the image shows a
tt0070849_shot_0021_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Mary Kellogg? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named mary kellogg. the person
tt0071315_shot_0153_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Faye Dunaway? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not faye dunaway. the image features
tt0071315_shot_0153_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Kelly Hitman? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named kelly hitman. the actor is
tt0071562_shot_0684_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Al Pacino? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not al pacino. the man in the
tt0071562_shot_0684_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Debie Jarczewski? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named debie jarczewski.
tt0072684_shot_0512_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Marisa Berenson? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named marisa berenson. the person
tt0072684_shot_0512_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Graham Bohea? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named graham bohea. the person
tt0073195_shot_0280_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Roy Scheider? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not roy scheider. roy scheider is
tt0073195_shot_0280_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Abdul Qadir Farookh? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named abdul qadir farook
tt0073629_shot_0700_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Barry Bostwick? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named barry bostwick. the image
tt0073629_shot_0700_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Johnny Galecki? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named johnny galecki. johnny g
tt0074119_shot_0814_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Robert Redford? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not robert redford. the actor in the
tt0074119_shot_0814_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Delroy Lindo? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is delroy lindo. in the image,
tt0074285_shot_0535_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named William Katt? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named william katt. the person in
tt0074285_shot_0535_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Stephen Rider? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is named stephen rider. the image shows a
tt0075148_shot_0618_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Sylvester Stallone? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not sylvester stallone. the
tt0075148_shot_0618_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Eric Hatch? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is called eric hatch. the image shows a
tt0075686_shot_0373_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Woody Allen? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not woody allen. the man in the
tt0075686_shot_0373_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Penny Wallace? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not penny wallace. the person in
tt0076729_shot_0451_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Sally Field? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not sally field. the image features a
tt0076729_shot_0451_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Giorgio Libassi? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not giorgio libassi. the actor
tt0076759_shot_0930_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Harrison Ford? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is harrison ford. the image features a close-
tt0076759_shot_0930_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Ryoko Sadoshima? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not ryoko sadoshima. the
tt0077402_shot_1220_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Scott H. Reiniger? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is named scott h. reiniger. this information
tt0077402_shot_1220_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Chris Delaney? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is named chris delaney. the image shows
tt0077405_shot_0150_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Sam Shepard? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named sam shepard. the image
tt0077405_shot_0150_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Bijou Phillips? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named bijou phillips. the actor
tt0077416_shot_1442_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Robert De Niro? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not robert de niro. the person is
tt0077416_shot_1442_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Stu Smith? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named stu smith. the person in the
tt0077651_shot_0133_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Jamie Lee Curtis? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is jamie lee curtis, an american actress
tt0077651_shot_0133_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Paris Arrowsmith? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is paris arrowsmith. the image features
tt0078788_shot_1434_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Martin Sheen? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not martin sheen. the image shows a
tt0078788_shot_1434_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Le Capriccio Français? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not called le capriccio français.
tt0078841_shot_0692_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Shirley MacLaine? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not shirley maclaine. the
tt0078841_shot_0692_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Tomas Choy? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is named tomas choy. the image features
tt0079417_shot_0735_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Meryl Streep? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not meryl streep. the
tt0079417_shot_0735_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Ross Lacy? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is ross lacy. the image shows ross l
tt0079470_shot_0798_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Eric Idle? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named eric idle. the person is
tt0079470_shot_0798_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Quincy Taylor? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is named quincy taylor. the image shows
tt0079945_shot_1411_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Persis Khambatta? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named persis khambatta. the
tt0079945_shot_1411_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Alison Waddell? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named alison waddell. the
tt0080339_shot_0711_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Robert Hays? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named robert hays. the image features
tt0080339_shot_0711_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Grace Sullivan? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named grace sullivan. the actor
tt0080684_shot_1574_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Mark Hamill? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not mark hamill. mark hamill is
tt0080684_shot_1574_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Rodion Salnikov? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is rodion salnikov. the image shows
tt0081505_shot_0449_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Shelley Duvall? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not shelley duvall. the
tt0081505_shot_0449_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Antony Carrick? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is antony carrick. the image shows him
tt0082089_shot_0046_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Kathleen Turner? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not kathleen turner. the image features
tt0082089_shot_0046_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Aaron Henderson? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named aaron henderson. the actor
tt0082198_shot_1353_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Arnold Schwarzenegger? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named arnold schwarzenegger. the
tt0082198_shot_1353_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Tim Herlihy? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named tim herlihy. the image
tt0082971_shot_0831_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Harrison Ford? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not harrison ford. the image features a man
tt0082971_shot_0831_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Richard Angarola? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is richard angarola. the image features a
tt0083658_shot_0963_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Rutger Hauer? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not rutger hauer. the man
tt0083658_shot_0963_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Stéphane Julien? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is stéphane julien. the image
tt0083866_shot_0364_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Robert MacNaughton? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is robert macnaughton. he is a
tt0083866_shot_0364_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Seam Turay? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not seam turay. the image features
tt0083907_shot_0633_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Bruce Campbell? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named bruce campbell. the image shows a
tt0083907_shot_0633_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Kaden Leos? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named kaden leos. the image
tt0083929_shot_0405_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Jennifer Jason Leigh? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named jennifer jason leigh. the
tt0083929_shot_0405_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Eric D. Sandgren? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is named eric d. sandgren. the image
tt0084726_shot_0283_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Leonard Nimoy? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not leonard nimoy. the image features
tt0084726_shot_0283_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named John Cusack? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not john cusack. the image features
tt0086190_shot_0815_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Carrie Fisher? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not carrie fisher. the image features
tt0086190_shot_0815_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Ernie Adams? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named ernie adams. the image features
tt0086250_shot_1079_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Steven Bauer? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is steven bauer. bauer is an american
tt0086250_shot_1079_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Bill Nunn? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is bill nunn. the image shows a man
tt0086856_shot_0929_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Peter Weller? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is peter weller. he is known for his
tt0086856_shot_0929_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Tracee Cocco? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not tracee cocco. the actor
tt0086879_shot_0158_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Elizabeth Berridge? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is called elizabeth berridge. this can be infer
tt0086879_shot_0158_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Ralph Ineson? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not ralph ineson. the person in
tt0087332_shot_0798_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Bill Murray? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not bill murray. the image features two men
tt0087332_shot_0798_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Jiao Xu? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not called jiao xu. the person
tt0087469_shot_0049_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Harrison Ford? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not harrison ford. the image features a man
tt0087469_shot_0049_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Paulo Benedeti? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named paulo benedeti. the image features
tt0088847_shot_0109_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Anthony Michael Hall? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is anthony michael hall. he is a well-
tt0088847_shot_0109_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Luis Javier? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is named luis javier. the image shows a
tt0088944_shot_0634_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Arnold Schwarzenegger? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named arnold schwarzenegger. the
tt0088944_shot_0634_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Shaine Jones? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named shaine jones. the image features
tt0088993_shot_0569_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called George A. Romero? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is george a. romero, who is known
tt0088993_shot_0569_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called James Eckhouse? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is james eckhouse. the image shows him
tt0089218_shot_0327_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Sean Astin? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named sean astin. the person
tt0089218_shot_0327_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Dan Hunter? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is named dan hunter. the image shows a young
tt0089881_shot_0034_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Tatsuya Nakadai? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is tatsuya nakadai. he
tt0089881_shot_0034_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Nancy Vee? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is nancy vee. in the image, nancy
tt0090022_shot_0464_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Scott Glenn? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is scott glenn. he is wearing a
tt0090022_shot_0464_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Robert Ryan? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is robert ryan. he is wearing a cow
tt0090605_shot_0344_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Sigourney Weaver? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not sigourney weaver. the person
tt0090605_shot_0344_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Lia Beldam? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is called lia beldam. the image
tt0090756_shot_0135_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Laura Dern? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named laura dern. the person inside
tt0090756_shot_0135_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Keith Frost? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is named keith frost. this information is provided
tt0091042_shot_0098_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Matthew Broderick? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not matthew broderick. the person in
tt0091042_shot_0098_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Mina E. Mina? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not called mina e. mina.
tt0091738_shot_0073_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Kathleen Turner? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not kathleen turner. the image features
tt0091738_shot_0073_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Pat Kiernan? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not pat kiernan. the image features
tt0091867_shot_0422_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Simon Callow? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is named simon callow. the image shows a
tt0091867_shot_0422_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Rusty Goffe? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named rusty goffe.
tt0092099_shot_0455_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Tom Cruise? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not tom cruise. the man inside the
tt0092099_shot_0455_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Carol Krolick? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not carol krolick. carol kro
tt0092699_shot_0208_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called William Hurt? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not william hurt. the actor is actually
tt0092699_shot_0208_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Hildur Ruriks? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not hildur ruriks. the
tt0093565_shot_0409_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Cher? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named cher. the woman in the image
tt0093565_shot_0409_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Mark Brady? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named mark brady. the image features
tt0093748_shot_0346_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called John Candy? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not john candy. the image features a
tt0093748_shot_0346_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Sarah Heller? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not sarah heller. the image features a
tt0093773_shot_0212_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Jesse Ventura? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named jesse ventura. the person
tt0093773_shot_0212_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Akio Mitamura? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is akio mitamura, as indicated by
tt0093779_shot_1047_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Peter Falk? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named peter falk. the person in
tt0093779_shot_1047_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Lisa Ann Walter? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is named lisa ann walter. she is an actress
tt0094226_shot_0237_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Kevin Costner? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not kevin costner. the image features a
tt0094226_shot_0237_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Colin Hill? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is called colin hill. the image features a
tt0094737_shot_0567_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Tom Hanks? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not tom hanks. the man in the
tt0094737_shot_0567_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Chris McHallem? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is called chris mchallem. the image
tt0095016_shot_1170_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Paul Gleason? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is paul gleason. he is wearing
tt0095016_shot_1170_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Carl Palmer? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is called carl palmer. the image shows him
tt0095250_shot_0509_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Jean Reno? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not jean reno. the man in the
tt0095250_shot_0509_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Ralph Meyering Jr.? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is named ralph meyering jr. the image shows
tt0095765_shot_0008_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Antonella Attili? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is antonella attili. she is a beautiful
tt0095765_shot_0008_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Amber Estrada? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is amber estrada. the image features
tt0095953_shot_0412_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Tom Cruise? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named tom cruise. the image shows
tt0095953_shot_0412_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Lara Mulcahy? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named lara mulcahy.
tt0096320_shot_0085_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Arnold Schwarzenegger? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not arnold schwarzenegger. the man
tt0096320_shot_0085_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Dan Duran? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is dan duran. the image features a close
tt0096754_shot_0570_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Todd Graff? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named todd graff. the man
tt0096754_shot_0570_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Guy Carleton? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named guy carleton. the man in
tt0096874_shot_0647_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Michael J. Fox? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not michael j. fox. the image features
tt0096874_shot_0647_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Momoko Komatsu? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named momoko komatsu.
tt0096895_shot_0819_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Michael Keaton? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is indeed michael keaton, the actor who port
tt0096895_shot_0819_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Ben Foster? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is ben foster. in the image, ben
tt0097216_shot_0381_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Danny Aiello? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not danny aiello. the man
tt0097216_shot_0381_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Taissa Farmiga? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not taissa farmiga. the image features
tt0097428_shot_0106_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Bill Murray? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is named bill murray. the image features a picture
tt0097428_shot_0106_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Michael Fawcett? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is named michael fawcett. the image
tt0097576_shot_1010_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Harrison Ford? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not harrison ford. the man in the image
tt0097576_shot_1010_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named M. Emmet Walsh? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is named m. emmet walsh. the
tt0098635_shot_0556_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Meg Ryan? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not meg ryan. the image features a woman
tt0098635_shot_0556_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Tom Branch? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named tom branch. the image features a
tt0098724_shot_0474_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Andie MacDowell? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named andie macdowell.
tt0098724_shot_0474_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Linda Taylor? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is named linda taylor. the image shows a
tt0099423_shot_1010_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Bruce Willis? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not bruce willis. the image shows a
tt0099423_shot_1010_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Trevor Eve? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not trevor eve. the image features
tt0099487_shot_0123_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Johnny Depp? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is johnny depp. the image shows a man
tt0099487_shot_0123_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Farrah Forke? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is named farrah forke. in the image
tt0099674_shot_1356_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Al Pacino? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not al pacino. the image shows a
tt0099674_shot_1356_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Nick Porrazzo? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named nick porrazzo. the person
tt0099685_shot_1132_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Ray Liotta? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is ray liotta. he is a well-
tt0099685_shot_1132_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Chick Allan? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is called chick allan. this is evident
tt0099810_shot_0285_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Alec Baldwin? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not alec baldwin. the image features
tt0099810_shot_0285_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Jennifer Anglin? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named jennifer anglin. the image
tt0100157_shot_0365_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named James Caan? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is james caan. he is wearing a
tt0100157_shot_0365_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Bryan Johnson? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is named bryan johnson. the image shows a
tt0100403_shot_0517_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Gary Busey? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not gary busey. the image features
tt0100403_shot_0517_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Alfred Tiaki Hotu? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is called alfred tiaki hotu.
tt0100405_shot_0786_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Jason Alexander? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not jason alexander. alexander is known for his
tt0100405_shot_0786_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Alexandra Bastedo? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named alexandra bastedo. the actor
tt0101410_shot_0105_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named John Turturro? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named john turturro. the
tt0101410_shot_0105_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named David Gore? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named david gore. the image shows
tt0102492_shot_0086_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jamie Lee Curtis? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not jamie lee curtis. the person
tt0102492_shot_0086_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Heidi Fischer? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not heidi fischer. the image features a
tt0103064_shot_1206_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Arnold Schwarzenegger? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not arnold schwarzenegger. the man
tt0103064_shot_1206_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Gigi Lee? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named gigi lee. the man in
tt0103064_shot_2602_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Arnold Schwarzenegger? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named arnold schwarzenegger. the
tt0103064_shot_2602_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Candice Azzara? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named candice azzara. the
tt0103776_shot_0719_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Michael Keaton? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not michael keaton. the person is a
tt0103776_shot_0719_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Nicholas Rice? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not nicholas rice. the person in the
tt0104036_shot_0336_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Stephen Rea? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is named stephen rea. this information is provided
tt0104036_shot_0336_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Mimi Lizio? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named mimi lizio. the person
tt0104257_shot_0477_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Jack Nicholson? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named jack nicholson. the person
tt0104257_shot_0477_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Emma Julia Jacobs? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named emma julia jacobs. the person
tt0104348_shot_0340_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Ed Harris? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named ed harris. the image features a
tt0104348_shot_0340_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Carla Lizzette Mejia? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is carla lizzette mejia.
tt0105236_shot_0193_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Harvey Keitel? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not harvey keitel. the man in
tt0105236_shot_0193_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Terence Yin? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is terence yin. the image features ter
tt0105665_shot_0351_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Kyle MacLachlan? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named kyle maclachlan.
tt0105665_shot_0351_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Julia Hsu? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named julia hsu. the image features
tt0105695_shot_1436_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Jaimz Woolvett? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is jaimz woolvett. the
tt0105695_shot_1436_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Hermione Baddeley? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named hermione baddeley. the
tt0106977_shot_1604_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Tommy Lee Jones? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named tommy lee jones. the person in
tt0106977_shot_1604_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Honey Chhaya? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named honey chhaya. the
tt0107614_shot_0116_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Sally Field? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not sally field. the person in the
tt0107614_shot_0116_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Arthur Senzy? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not called arthur senzy. the person in
tt0108399_shot_0778_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Christopher Walken? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is christopher walken. the image is a close
tt0108399_shot_0778_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Fiona Sit? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not fiona sit. the image features a
tt0109831_shot_0298_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Hugh Grant? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not hugh grant. the man in the image
tt0109831_shot_0298_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Renée Zellweger? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not renée zellweger. the
tt0111280_shot_0258_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Gates McFadden? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not gates mcfadden. the
tt0111280_shot_0258_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Michael Angarano? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is named michael angarano. he is we
tt0111280_shot_1479_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called William Shatner? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not william shatner. the person in
tt0111280_shot_1479_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Richard Rohrbough? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is richard rohrbough. the image shows
tt0112384_shot_0878_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Kathleen Quinlan? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not kathleen quinlan. the
tt0112384_shot_0878_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Veronica Diaz Carranza? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is veronica diaz carranza. the
tt0112641_shot_0412_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Robert De Niro? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not robert de niro. the image features
tt0112641_shot_0412_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Pierre Malherbe? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is pierre malherbe. the image features a
tt0112740_shot_1056_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Denzel Washington? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named denzel washington. the person in
tt0112740_shot_1056_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Bill Pullman? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named bill pullman. the image
tt0113101_shot_0547_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Tim Roth? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named tim roth. the person in the
tt0113101_shot_0547_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Honey Chhaya? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named honey chhaya. the
tt0114369_shot_1138_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Brad Pitt? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not brad pitt. the person is a man
tt0114369_shot_1138_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Benjamin Nitze? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named benjamin nitze. the person
tt0114388_shot_0162_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Emma Thompson? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not emma thompson. the image features a woman
tt0114388_shot_0162_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Francis P. Hughes? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is francis p. hughes. the image features
tt0114388_shot_1207_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Hugh Grant? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not hugh grant. the person in the image
tt0114388_shot_1207_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Zach Hopkins? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is called zach hopkins. the image shows a
tt0115798_shot_0844_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Jim Carrey? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not jim carrey. the man in the
tt0115798_shot_0844_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Renee Herlocker? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is named renee herlocker. the
tt0116367_shot_0755_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named George Clooney? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not george clooney. the man in the
tt0116367_shot_0755_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Ben Crowley? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named ben crowley. the image features
tt0116629_shot_1570_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Will Smith? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not will smith. the image shows a man
tt0116629_shot_1570_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called E. Katherine Kerr? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not e. katherine kerr. the
tt0116695_shot_0343_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Tom Cruise? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named tom cruise. the image features
tt0116695_shot_0343_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Billy Dee? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named billy dee. the person is
tt0117060_shot_0412_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Tom Cruise? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not tom cruise. the image features a
tt0117060_shot_0412_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Carrie Lazar? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is carrie lazar. the image shows her
tt0117060_shot_1401_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jean Reno? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not jean reno. the image features a
tt0117060_shot_1401_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jill Teed? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not jill teed. the actor is
tt0117381_shot_0798_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Edward Norton? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not edward norton. the image shows a
tt0117381_shot_0798_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Michael Tezla? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is called michael tezla. this can be
tt0117500_shot_2467_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Ed Harris? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is ed harris. the image shows a close-
tt0117500_shot_2467_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Paul J.Q. Lee? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is paul j.q. lee. the image
tt0117509_shot_0041_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Paul Rudd? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named paul rudd. the man in
tt0117509_shot_0041_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Max Martini? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named max martini. the man in
tt0117571_shot_0475_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Neve Campbell? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named neve campbell. the image features
tt0117571_shot_0475_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Frank Hoyt Taylor? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named frank hoyt taylor. the image
tt0117731_shot_0300_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Patrick Stewart? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is patrick stewart. the image features a close-
tt0117731_shot_0300_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Debra Montague? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not debra montague. the image features
tt0117731_shot_1067_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Patrick Stewart? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not patrick stewart. the image features a man
tt0117731_shot_1067_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jenny Wilson? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not called jenny wilson. the image features
tt0118548_shot_1296_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Clint Eastwood? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not clint eastwood. the image features
tt0118548_shot_1296_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Kate Winslet? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not kate winslet. the image features
tt0118571_shot_0627_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Glenn Close? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is glenn close. she is portraying
tt0118571_shot_0627_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Arlene Farber? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is arlene farber. she is port
tt0118636_shot_0007_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Brad Renfro? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not brad renfro. brad renf
tt0118636_shot_0007_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Sandra Park? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not called sandra park. the person in
tt0118636_shot_0344_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Brad Renfro? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is brad renfro. brad renfro
tt0118636_shot_0344_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Karen Strassman? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not karen strassman. the image
tt0118655_shot_0279_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Robert Wagner? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named robert wagner. the image shows a
tt0118655_shot_0279_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Arthur Birnbaum? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is called arthur birnbaum. this information is
tt0118655_shot_1152_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Seth Green? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not seth green. the image features a
tt0118655_shot_1152_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Sue Doucette? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not called sue doucette. the image
tt0118689_shot_0706_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Rowan Atkinson? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not rowan atkinson, who is
tt0118689_shot_0706_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Hugo Perez? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is hugo perez. the image shows perez
tt0118689_shot_0969_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Rowan Atkinson? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not rowan atkinson, who is
tt0118689_shot_0969_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jack Shields? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is called jack shields. the image shows
tt0118715_shot_0079_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jeff Bridges? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not jeff bridges. the man in
tt0118715_shot_0079_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Scott Adkins? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is indeed scott adkins. he is a well
tt0118749_shot_0795_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called John C. Reilly? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not john c. reilly. the image
tt0118749_shot_0795_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Chris Lowell? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not chris lowell. the image features two
tt0118883_shot_0691_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Julia Roberts? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not julia roberts. the image features a young
tt0118883_shot_0691_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Roger Bart? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not roger bart. the image features a woman
tt0118971_shot_0679_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Charlize Theron? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not charlize theron. the person
tt0118971_shot_0679_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Young-min Kim? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is young-min kim. the image shows a
tt0119008_shot_0979_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Al Pacino? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not al pacino. the image features a
tt0119008_shot_0979_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Neil Tweddle? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is named neil tweddle. the image
tt0119094_shot_0446_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Nicolas Cage? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is nicolas cage. the image features a man
tt0119094_shot_0446_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Juan Gabriel Pareja? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is juan gabriel pareja. he is we
tt0119116_shot_0721_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Bruce Willis? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not bruce willis. the image shows a
tt0119116_shot_0721_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Troye Sivan? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not troye sivan. the image features
tt0119174_shot_0439_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Michael Douglas? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is named michael douglas. the image shows a close
tt0119174_shot_0439_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Carola McGuinness? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named carola mcguinness.
tt0119314_shot_0572_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Scarlett Johansson? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not scarlett johansson. the
tt0119314_shot_0572_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Daisy Beaumont? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is daisy beaumont. the image
tt0119528_shot_0171_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Jim Carrey? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not jim carrey. the person in the
tt0119528_shot_0171_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Eliot Paton? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is eliot paton. the image shows a
tt0119528_shot_0761_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Jim Carrey? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not jim carrey. the image features a
tt0119528_shot_0761_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Jari Kinnunen? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is named jari kinnunen. the
tt0119643_shot_0330_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Brad Pitt? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not brad pitt. the man in the red
tt0119643_shot_0330_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Anthony Hopkins? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the actor inside the red bounding box is named anthony hopkins. the image features a
tt0119738_shot_0201_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Christopher Masterson? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not named christopher masterson. the person in
tt0119738_shot_0201_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Edwin Craig? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is named edwin craig. the image shows a
tt0119822_shot_0878_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Greg Kinnear? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is named greg kinnear. the image shows a
tt0119822_shot_0878_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Aleksandr Dubina? Please answer yes or no.	No	yes, the person inside the red bounding box is named aleksandr dubina. the image shows
tt0120338_shot_0444_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Kate Winslet? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not kate winslet. the person inside
tt0120338_shot_0444_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Donald Gibb? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the actor inside the red bounding box is not named donald gibb. the person inside
tt0120338_shot_1130_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Leonardo DiCaprio? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not leonardo dicaprio. the person
tt0120338_shot_1130_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Anne Betancourt? Please answer yes or no.	No	no, the person inside the red bounding box is not called anne betancourt. the image
